Tari Universe overview (#134)
tari-project/rfcs: src/RFC-1100_Tari_Universe_overview.md

WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

## Language

The keywords "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",
"NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY" and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in
[BCP 14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) (covering RFC2119 and RFC8174) when, and only when, they appear in all capitals, as
shown here.

## Disclaimer

This document and its content are intended for information purposes only and may be subject to change or update
without notice.

This document may include preliminary concepts that may or may not be in the process of being developed by the Tari
community. The release of this document is intended solely for review and discussion by the community regarding the
technological merits of the potential system outlined herein.

## Goals

This RFC gives the most top-level description of Tari Universe - a marketplace for all the tapplets.

# Why Tari Universe ?

> Present day dapps in ethereum are self-hosted web-apps that requires external wallet. This creates many opportunities for hostile actors to perform supply-chain attacks. This covers a wide range of attacks like: injecting malware code, XSS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Present day dapps in ethereum are self-hosted web-apps that require an external wallet. This creates many opportunities for hostile actors to perform supply-chain attacks. This covers a wide range of attacks like: injecting malware code, XSS,
```

stealing domains, social engineering attacks, etc.

The common mode of these attacks is that an attacker convinces the user that he or she is interacting with different smart contracts than the user thinks. The attacker steals funds by

> causing the user to sign a transaction that calls to a different, fraudulent smart contract.

Reviewer: Not to mention the scourge of blind signing, which lead to the recent ledger kit vulnerability.

> Creating a common marketplace for all tapplets (equivalent of ethereum dapps) will significantly increase security and also create a standard for all tapplet developers to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a curated marketplace for tapplets (equivalent of ethereum dapps) will significantly increase security and also create a standard for all tapplet developers to follow.
```

> 

Reviewer: I fee that this RFC needs additional detail on the key features, or a vision of how the app flow looks to provide "how" context to the "why" and "what" you're already presenting.

Include: 
* current analogues (Steam etc)
* How it's different to e.g. BOS or DappRadar

# Technical stack

> Tari universe is a desktop application built upon [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) which in many ways is similar to more popular [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/). In our case the advantage of Tauri over electron is usage of Rust language which gives much better performance but most importantly it makes an easy way to interact with Tari DAN though already existing crates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tari universe is a desktop application built upon [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) which in many ways is similar to more popular [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/). The advantages of Tauri over Electron are:

* Native Rust backend, providing improved performance,
* A greater focus on [security](https://tauri.app/v1/references/architecture/security), and most importantly,
* trivial interoperability with Tari DAN through existing Rust crates.
```
